feat(interview-prep): Converting and transfering Rosetta problems (#35770)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/08-coding-interview-prep/rosetta-code/knapsack-problem-bounded.md

---
id: 5a23c84252665b21eecc7ed2
title: Knapsack problem/Bounded
challengeType: 5
---

## Description
<section id='description'>

> Write a function that solves the knapsack problem that is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bounded knapsack problem is defined as follows:
```

> You are given an array of objects representing items to be put in a knapsack. The objects have 4 attributes: name, pieces (the number of the particular item), weight, and value. The items need to be selected so that the total weight does not exceed the maximum weight and the value is maximized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are given an array of objects representing items to be put in a knapsack. The objects have 4 attributes: name, pieces (the number of the particular item), weight, and value. The items need to be selected so that the total weight does not exceed the maximum weight and the value is maximized.  Keep in mind that each item can appear between 0 and <code>pieces</code> times.
```

> The function is given the array of objects and the maximum weight as parameters. It should return the maximum total value possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write a function to solve the knapsack problem. The function is given the array of objects and the maximum weight as parameters. It should return the maximum total value possible.
```
